Ugh, truly thankful. I couldn't ask for a better gift. Mrs. Don.
Thank you so much.
How did you get this? How did you wish to get this piece?
I treated Master Irene before. She created this piece as a gesture of appreciation.
Hey Vivian!
You couldn't even get work, Lisa.
How could you possibly know Master Irene?
Mrs. Abbott!
Don't let her fool you!
Those few brush strokes?
It's probably fake. Or stolen. Maybe even from some street vendor.
That's enough.
Vivian, you need to cool off. Let's go now.
I am not living. I'm just trying to kick Mrs. Abbott from being tricked.
Look closer. That's Master Irene's unique seal. It can't be replicated.
Ryan, handle this.
Mrs. Abbott, I apologize.
My sister has been lost for ten years and she just needs some time to readjust to our standards. We're leaving now.
Standards? She likes basic human decency. Here's how she framed Lauren. Now where it was for her.
You've been following me?
Following on my family's property? I'd call it surveillance.